README.md, before:

IN PROGRESS with 0

MOTIVATION:
	tired of copy pasting to check if program works correctly in Vivado

LINKED TO boost

This currently only supports single bit inputs, NOT BIT VECTORS

General Function Call
verilogtestBench [output_file] [num_inputs] [num_outputs] [input_feed_opt] [input]

output_file - name of testbench file with inputs in order
num_inputs - Number of Inputs going into the module
num_outputs - Number of Outputs going out of the module

input_feed_opt and input:
	0 - string of 0s, and 1s with output in order per output
		ie. 
		verilogtestBench 2 2 0 0001 0111 ; first output is an AND gates and second is an OR gate
	1 - string of minterms with sentinels of -o per output (including the first one)
		ie. 
		verilogtestBench 2 2 1 -o 1 -o 1 2 3
	2 - CSV
		tbd
	3 - write a function:
		to generate the outputs (goal)

I need a class that basically takes my inputs and converts it into how it wants it
so, for efficiency, assuming i store my results in bitsets and ideally, i would use m*2^(n-3) bytes

each input will become a reg and each output will become a wire

Commit message:

Input opt 1 is now supported

README.md, after:

input_feed_opt 0 and 1 are supported
Overhaul of the whole thing in a new branch coming soon

MOTIVATION:
	tired of copy pasting to check if program works correctly in Vivado

LINKED TO boost

This currently only supports single bit inputs, NOT BIT VECTORS
Not great error handling.

General Function Call
./verilogtestBench [output_file] [num_inputs] [num_outputs] [input_feed_opt] [input]

output_file - name of testbench file with inputs in order
num_inputs - Number of Inputs going into the module
num_outputs - Number of Outputs going out of the module

input_feed_opt and input:
	0 - string of 0s, and 1s with output in order per output
		ie. 
		verilogtestBench 2 2 0 0001 0111 ; first output is an AND gates and second is an OR gate
	1 - string of minterms with sentinels of -o per output (including the first one)
		ie. 
		verilogtestBench 2 2 1 -o 1 -o 1 2 3
	2 - CSV
		tbd
	3 - write a function:
		to generate the outputs (goal)

I need a class that basically takes my inputs and converts it into how it wants it
so, for efficiency, assuming i store my results in bitsets and ideally, i would use m*2^(n-3) bytes

each input will become a reg and each output will become a wire
